update bc4a75 to aria 1.2 (#1940)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/aria-required-owned-element-bc4a75.md

## Applicability

> This rule applies to any [HTML or SVG element][] that is [included in the accessibility tree][] and has a [WAI-ARIA 1.2][] [explicit semantic role][] with [required owned elements][], except if the element has the `aria-busy` [attribute value][] of `true`, or has an [ancestor][] in the accessibility tree with this [attribute value][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule applies to any [HTML or SVG element][] that is [included in the accessibility tree][] and has a [WAI-ARIA 1.2][] [explicit semantic role][] with [required owned elements][], except if the element has an [inclusive ancestor][] in the accessibility tree with an `aria-busy` [attribute value][] of `true`.
```

Some [required owned elements][] are only valid if they themselves [own][owns] (or "contain") elements with a given [semantic role][]. This is denoted by an arrow (meaning "containing") in the role description. For example, the role `menu` has `group → menuitemradio` as one of its [required owned elements][], meaning that elements with a role of `menu` may only [own][owns] elements with a role of `group` who themselves only [own][owns] elements with a role of `menuitemradio`.

> The applicability of this rule is limited to the [WAI-ARIA 1.2 Recommendation][wai-aria 1.2] roles. The [WAI-ARIA Graphics Module][] does not include any [required owned elements][]. The [Digital Publishing WAI-ARIA Module (DPUB ARIA) 1.0][dpub 1.0] only has three roles with [required owned elements][] (`doc-bibliography`, `doc-endnotes` and `doc-glossary`); they have issues with their use of role inheritance, and all of them have no [required owned elements][] in the [Digital Publishing WAI-ARIA Module (DPUB ARIA) 1.1][dpub 1.1] editor's draft.

Reviewer 2: Should we simplify?

```suggestion
The applicability of this rule is limited to the [WAI-ARIA 1.2 Recommendation][wai-aria 1.2] roles. The [WAI-ARIA Graphics Module][] and [Digital Publishing WAI-ARIA Module (DPUB ARIA) 1.1 (Editors draft)][dpub 1.1] do not include any [required owned elements][].
```
